# etech_FINALProject_Cruz-Dolar

About: <br>
Crusty Bucket is a fast-food restaurant designed to bring the fresh flavors and culture of Bikini Bottom to our world above. Just like in Bikini Bottom, it is most popularly known for its signature dish, the Classic Krabby Patty, which is made using a secret formula that Mr.Krabs has carefully guarded. It should be noted, however, that the Crusty Bucket also features a selection of menu items that represent not only the beloved Krusty Krab but also its main competitor, the Chum Bucket. With it, the dishes from the two restaurants were brought together in this one area to showcase Bikini Bottom's diverse palate. Along with the menu, additional package meals, supercards, order instructions, and book reservations are also offered. These of which can be accessed with a simple log-in to our website.

Design Decisions: <br>
With the business centered on Bikini Bottom's Krusty Krab and Chum Bucket (both cartoons), we wanted to create a website that was both adorable and classy. Of course, we wanted to make the website more Bikini Bottom-themed to match the atmosphere of the menu, which is why we included a faint background of the iconic Bikini Bottom sky. We also designed it so that the images used were either from the original Spongebob Squarepants cartoon or ones that looked similar to it. In order to convey the undersea sensation, we also added a footer that moves like waves. Furthermore, we wanted to make some things pop when hovered, which is why we coded some of the cards and buttons to display a subtle light green background when the user’s cursor is placed above the item/element.

Functions of each Main Webpage: <br>
Home - main page that shows the fusion of Krusty Krab and Chum Bucket to create the Krusty Bucket which is the name of our website & business. <br>
About Us - page that describes the purpose and offers of our business. Scrolling through it will let the user know of the history and origins of our business and how it came to be; accompanied with a brief introduction of the crew.  <br>
Menu - page that exhibits the main menu categories that Krusty Bucket offers. For food items, those are: Krabby Patties, Chum Specials, Kelp Fries, Nachos, Pizzas, & Package Meals. While for drink items, those are Kelp Shake, Jelly Jam Shake, & Classic Salt Water. Each of these items are displayed in cards that when clicked direct to their respective subpages that show the specific menu items and price of each menu category. With that, an order button is also placed in each of the webpages which will then direct to the Order Now main webpage. <br>
Supercard - page that aims to convince the users to avail a supercard when they visit our business shop/restaurant in-person. To further convince consumers, the page also reveals the benefits that an individual can get when they register for our supercard called SuperSponge Card+. <br>
Order Now - page that indicates the instructions or ways to follow in order to order/buy menu items in our restaurant. <br>
Booking - page that demonstrates the two kinds of reservations Krusty Bucket offers: Reserve a Table & Book a Party. Each is then linked to another respective webpage that contains forms that ask for the user’s information in order to actually reserve a table or book a party. <br>
Log-in/Sign-up - page to log-in or sign-up to your account <br>
